API reference documentation for 1.1 beta (#948)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/api-reference/liveblocks-client.mdx

});
```

### Room.subscribe("status") [#Room.subscribe.status]

Subscribe to WebSocket connection status updates.

Takes a callback that is called whenever the connection status changes. Possible
value are: `initial`, `connecting`, `connected`, `reconnecting`, or
`disconnected`.

Returns an unsubscribe function.

```ts
const unsubscribe = room.subscribe("status", (status) => {
  // Do something
});
```

This is a low-level API that exposes the WebSocket's connectivity status. You
can use this, for example, to update a connection status indicator in your UI.
It would be normal for a client to briefly lose the connection and restore it,
using quick `connected` → `reconnecting` → `connected` status jumps.

> If you want to let users know that there may be connectivity issues, don't use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to let users know that there may be connectivity issues, don’t use
```
Another!!

### Room.getStorage

Get the room’s storage asynchronously (returns a Promise). The promise will

> resolve once the storage's root is loaded and available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resolve once the storage’s root is loaded and available.
```
we don’t want your kind round here
